# word-guess-constuctor
This is another hangman style game with out the front end and using constuctors to buld the word. The letter.js file takes a letter as argument and runs 2 methods one to return either the letter or a underscore the other to check if the user guess is the same as letter. The letter object is fed by the word object that takes a word as argument and passes runs two methods of its own. One that builds the word that method calls the first letter method to help build the word that user sees. The second method in word object calls the second method in letter object on each letter in the word thus checking if the guess is correct. The final major piece of this code is the index.js. This file uses inquirer to allow the user to play the game. It is also the page where the word object is called the word the user has to guess is picked and passed in the word object and where the user inputs their guess that get passed in the second method of the word object to get checked if they are correct or not. There are other things I added as well such as tip system that allows you to get a tip on time on what the word could be. Also I allow the user to pick the diffculty which just gives the user more or less guesses. Then a third constuctor i created which just runs various methods depending on if you won or lost it also keeps track of total wins and losses. This took me a long time to create. If you look back at my old commits I orignally created this game using only one constuctor to hold all the game logic. I was challegened to try it the way you see it now. It wasnt easy to wrap my head around what each part did. I ended up spending hours looking at examples of finished projects looking at what happened to the word the user had to guess and the letter they gussed at each stage and explaining to myself and then trying it out for myself once i thought i had a understanding of how it should work. This was a very different way of coding from my previous projects and it tested my ability to learn new things. I am very proud that I figured out how make this and make it work as well it does. I am happy my teacher pushed me to try it this way. The hours of frustration paid off in game that i really works and that I am very proud of and a better if not far from complete understanding of constuctors and how to use them and the methods within them. I am far from a master but I feel like this pushed me a lot  and I learned a lot and was able to do more then I thought I could when I started out. This code uses node.js and the inquirer module to make it work. I am the sole creator of the this project I hope you enjoy it.
